hey guys it's me Ken's LPS girl and
today I wanted to show you when i got at
kohls and what i got for christmas what
little speck drops and webcam so first i
got my first signature and it was the
signature penguin w i also got the
strawberry cloud leopard w um I got
picked last night um sure what I got for
Christmas first um I got this and it
came with this it also came with this
one and I got this house can with all
the accessories with the 20 PS and if
you want me to show you what accessories
that came with requested and that's what
I got that's the little pet shops &
Watkins I got my business and I also
died gift card and this is what I got
with my deep card I got a mousy set the
other mouse other mouse key
unfortunately is gone I don't know where
but so I got this one and another one
but you know as I said before they're
gone this is not a very long video I'm
sorry and I'll buy that much stuff on
them out because you know there's a lot
of stuff I have I also got this thing
that came with it and the food I put
them on today so the jeans are on their
skinny jeans yeah okay and when I got
yes also I got this yesterday I don't
know what that is on the bar I don't
know something's on the bottom they
rolled on it but whatever I got one of
the Pens i'm not sure i'll open it I
don't know
and yesterday I had on relegate card man
we have as always lost I did not get
this with my corner dollar gift card I
got it well just had it and I found it
yesterday so but I would join I got this
camera so there's the camera and it's
kind of like a flip flip flip okay um it
came with this stable in with a camera
strap that I already put on and a pouch
so yeah if I'm talking too fast I'm very
sorry yeah so that's what I got and yeah
so comment rate and subscribe